(narrator)
Previously on
"Ex on the Beach"...
Faith was hit with her
second ex, Marcus,
but he pissed everyone off
and was kicked
out of the villa
before he had time
to unpack.
(bleep) off!
Have another shot,
baby girl.
Shut the (bleep) up!
Victoria saved her ex, Luis,
from elimination
to make up
for her cheating ways.
(Romeo)
Crush.
Wow!
Do I still
have to apologize or...
(housemates laughing)
Faith gained hope that her
slow burn with June
might soon burst into flames.
(chirping)
Okay!
Mmm!
And the Shack of Secrets
tore Paulie and Lexi apart.
You didn't have the balls
to come to me as
a (bleep) man
and tell me that--
how you felt about me!
Tonight, Faith loses faith
in her future with June.
I can never have
a guy just be normal.
Like, just be like,
"Yo, like,
"I'm here for you.
I want just you."
Like, I'm not
that (bleep) bomb.
Will Shanley be the next
victim of Hurricane Angela?
I'm not even getting...
You're in my (bleep)
bed, bitch!
Will Alicia's rage
finally piss Cory off
or just turn him on?
(Cory)
I'm not gonna lie.
It's turning me on right now.
I'm sick, yes.
And what jaw-dropping twist
will rock the villa?
(Faith)
Jasmine, no!
♪ They call me
trouble ♪
♪ That's what I am ♪
♪ I thought
I told you ♪
♪ They call me trouble ♪♪
(narrator)
Welcome back, everyone.
Let's get you caught up.
Ten singles came into
the villa looking for love
but then their exes showed up.
With Chase's
ex Skyler out of the villa,
Chase finally threw
Victoria a bone
and took her
on a cliff-side date.
This cute face.
She's falling
hard for Chase.
So now her ex, Luis,
is pretty much
furniture with a pulse.
Like Luis, Jasmine hasn't
had any luck
getting it in since things
crashed and burned with Derrick
after he hooked up with
his ex, Angela.
And Lexi still
isn't speaking to Paulie
after learning how
shady he was
while they were
dating the first time around.
This is never gonna work.
All right,
all caught up?
I hope so.
Because another ex is about
to wash up
on the beach right now.
(Lexi)
Oh, oh, oh!
Who is it?
I don't know.
Chris?
(Chris)
What?
Whoo!
You better jump, boy.
My face has been
up there now three times
and it's getting
(bleep) old.
(Victoria)
Who's in the middle?
Chris?
(Lexi)
Alicia.
(Alicia)
I really don't want
any exes coming here.
'Cause I've just been through
enough (bleep) with Cory.
(Lexi)
Jasmine.
Chris, Alicia,
and Jasmine.
We'll see what happens
but hopefully I don't
have to jump off the cliff.
(Chris)
(bleep) my life.
♪♪
Like, I am so done with
this anxiety bull(bleep).
Why can't I live peaceful
in Hawaii?
(Chris)
The first time Chelsko came,
it wasn't working.
Haley came
the second time.
Wasn't working.
So, I don't know
what's next.
What's going on,
what's going on?
I wanted to mix
things up this time.
(Lexi)
Whoo!
Oh, what's going on,
team?
Romeo, what up?!
Bro...
It's fun to sit back
and watch everyone else squirm.
I know my face isn't
on the flagpole.
Alicia might be
having an ex come.
Welcome to my hellhole.
(Romeo)
One of you...
two of you,
or three of you...
is about to be
reunited with an ex.
(bleeps), boy.
Y'all ready?
Yeah.
♪♪
I'm kind of excited
just a little bit
because I want some,
like, fresh meat in here.
(Alicia)
I mean, I came out of a very
bad relationship
before I got with Cory,
so that would be truthfully
(bleep) up.
♪♪
♪ Ready or not
baby here I come ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ I'm beating fast
like a jungle drum ♪
(housemates cheering)
♪ Once you go
you just can't stop ♪♪
Jasmine's ex comes out
from the waterfall,
and he's
a little cutie.
(Marco)
My name's Marco Delvecchio
and I'm from Providence,
Rhode Island.
These beautiful women
should expect a great
comedic ability from me.
Thank God they're
wearing flip-flops, all right,
because if they were
wearing socks,
they would be knocked off.
Jasmine and I dated
about a month and a half
and it was probably one of my
longest relationships.
We always
had fun together.
I am a social bee.
(bee buzzing)
So I'm floating around.
People call me
the jalapeno pepper
in the relationship 'cause
I'm always spicy.
I definitely would wanna
rekindle things with Jasmine.
There is that chemistry.
(Romeo)
What went down
with you two?
I think we--
I think we split
because, um...
a little insecurity
with Jasmine.
You know, like,
the (bleep) boy tendency
thing could happen there
a little bit.
There's a lot
of women around.
Like, I wanna be
the number-one person,
like, you know,
that has attention.
And you were.
You were.
But, I mean--
(Romeo)
Well, I think y'all gonna
have that opportunity
to catch up
and figure things out.
Go sit next to Jas.
Give me a hug.
How are you?
Mwah.
(Romeo)
Chris, Alicia...
y'all good, baby.
(Lexi)
Chris, you survived!
Good job.
Y'all good to go.
This is it.
Out this--
out this (bleep).
Oh, my (bleep) God.
Thank God
my ex did not show up.
I'm kind of happy
to see you.
So happy
Yeah.
Last time I saw you
was Halloween at the party,
when you were, like, really,
really (bleep) up.
Wait, wait, at Pump?
No, the afterparty.
(Jasmine)
Marco is so much fun
to be around,
but it's sometimes
too much fun.
And I don't know
if this can work out,
but I'm just keeping
an open heart and see.
Are any of the girls
brunettes in there?
(narrator)
Smooth, bro.
Can't imagine why you're
still single.
Oh my God, Marco.
I-- I expected nothing
less from you.
I'm kid--
I'm kidding,
I'm kidding.
I knew you were gonna
come in here
and just go
full force.
Jasmine definitely still
has feelings for me.
There is definitely
chemistry between Jasmine and I,
particularly when we're
just alone together.
There's never
an awkward moment.
Ooh, ooh.
Let's go drink it up.
♪ Ta-ta-ta-ta ♪♪
(narrator)
While Jasmine tries to wrangle
party boy Marco...
the party might be over
for Paulie and Lexi.
I need your reassurance
that coming out of this,
it's not gonna be
like it was.
Paulie,
unlock your phone.
You're literally
texting me,
saying that
you love me
and, like, you're planning
a (bleep) trip
with someone else?
You didn't have the balls
to come to me
as a (bleep) man!
That's the (bleep)
truth!
I need to have
a conversation with Paulie
and take a minute to try
and figure out
where we are, where we stand
and establish things.
So, do you think, like,
from the bottom
of your heart...
that you are completely
over your ex?
I think, from the bottom
of my heart,
I 1,000%
am over here.
Right now I'm just scared
of-- of being vulnerable,
'cause I'm really--
I'm terrified of getting
hurt by you.
I'm sorry for that.
Moving forward,
I need your 100%
blatantly honest,
open self,
because I deserve that.
Even if it's
gonna hurt,
I need
the truth from you.
I never thought it was
gonna be just an easy ride
for Lexi and I,
so I'm looking for
the chapter of the past
to finally be closed
so that the foundation
that we have been working on
this entire time
can continue
to grow stronger.
You're going to be
my number-one priority,
and if there's ever a time
where you don't feel like
number-one priority,
all you have to do
is communicate that to me
and you know I'll make
you a priority.
Okay.
Uh, yesterday was a really
hard time for both of us...
but, at the end
of the day,
I wanna move forward.
I know Paulie wants
to move forward,
and although it's gonna
take a lot for us to get
to where we need
to go,
I think we're
kind of holding hands
on the journey
to get there.
♪♪
(Jasmine)
Hello, we're back.
Hey.
Ah, ah, ah.
Word up, guys?
Hello, hello.
(Luis)
Jasmine comes back with Marco,
and he is very
energetic, he's funny,
he's got people laughing,
he's chilling.
My eyebrows,
when I don't get 'em done--
Colin Farrell.
(laughing)
He's vibing,
he's... a perfect fit.
Hey, Faith.
Hey, Marco.
Have a good time,
whatever you're doing.
Whatever.
Faith is amazing.
(bleep) love her.
What's your tattoo?
Which one?
You have
multiple tats?
I have 22 tattoos.
(narrator)
Well, looks like Marco
found his brunette.
Sorry, Jasmine.
(Jasmine)
And here we go.
I expect nothing less
from my ex Marco
than to, you know, talk
to other women in the house.
You like, Marco?
You know
"Legally Blonde"?
Yeah.
There's a musical
and I was
the UPS guy.
Okay.
So--
I haven't seen the musical
but, like, I get it.
Oh, it's hilarious.
So he comes on stage
and he's like,
"I've got a package."
(laughing)
(Jasmine)
Seriously?
Marco's a total
LA (bleep) boy.
I need to walk away
from that for now.
(narrator)
Over in the shadiest
corner of the villa,
Angela, Taylor, and Victoria
are sipping their
morning tea.
Wait, what...
Remember?
(laughing)
Me and you
were like...
Wait, what...
Oh yes.
(Angela)
No.
Yeah, she did.
She showed up in the same
thing as last time.
Coming into this house--
I've known Taylor--
I'm friends with her
outside of this situation,
so I assumed coming into
this situation
we'd be really
good friends too.
That's obviously
not the case.
(narrator)
Shh, Shanley, you better
keep your voice down.
You don't want Angela
coming for you.
Just ask Alicia...
That's why I came
at you like I (bleep) did!
... or Derrick...
Relax!
(bleep) you,
(bleep) you!
... or Tor'i...
I've done everything
for you!
(Taylor)
Dry shampoo.
Dry shampoo
works wonders.
♪♪
(Taylor)
Have you had Havarti?
(Cory)
Ooh, I love when
Taylor gets like this.
She starts doing
her little dance,
she gets happy,
she's had a drink
or two.
I don't know, like...
(Alicia)
Every day does get worse
as far as Cory and Taylor not
stopping what they're doing
and trying to make
it almost now...
a little bit more
thrown in my face.
Don't worry
about it right now.
(Shanley)
I feel bad for Alicia
because I see so much
hurt in her
that if this would
happen to me, I would explode.
I wouldn't be able
to keep it together.
♪♪
(Jasmine)
Ahh!
What?
(Cory)
My stomach has butterflies!
(Derrick)
I'm reading it.
Message in a bottle!
(Derrick)
I'm reading it.
(Lexi)
Okay, let's come in
the living room,
let's come in
the living room.
Let's read it.
(Cory)
That damn bottle, man.
Every time I hear that
elevator go off,
I start to sweat
and I start to shake.
And here we go.
"Jasmine, head down
to the Shack of Secrets
"where you'll face
a dilemma
of biblical proportions."
♪♪
Biblical?
Do you have an ex named
Moses or some (bleep)?
I did date a guy
named Moses.
Well, bitch,
guess what's here.
Ready to part your
Red Sea.
I don't really know what
this Shack of Secrets is,
but people have been telling
me it's horrible.
It's my first day in here
and this is happening.
It's not gonna
be a good time here.
(Faith)
Because the Lord...
because the Lord...
Whoo!
You gotta go down
into the depths of hell!
(Paulie)
The Lord "summoneth"
Jasmine down
to the Shack of the Secrets!
Jasmine, the Lord said...
you gotta go down
into the depths...
(all cheering)
(bleep).
Like, oh my God, why?
There's nothing good that
comes out of this basement,
and I'm over it, I'm done,
I'm scared.
♪♪
What the hell?
(narrator)
Coming up, Jasmine gets
to play God.
I love you all.
This really actually
(bleep) sucks.
And Alicia has finally
had enough of seeing Cory
all over Taylor.
(Cory)
Somebody help!
(Alicia)
I really (bleep)
hate you!
(narrator)
Here's what you missed.
Paulie and Lexi
are on the mend,
Shanley is growing increasingly
frustrated with
the so-called "mean girls,"
AKA Taylor, Angela,
and Victoria.
Jasmine's ex Marco arrived,
but shortly after she was sent
down to the Shack of Secrets.
What the hell
is going on right now?
♪♪
What the hell?
Oh, this is amazing.
(Jasmine)
I go down the Shack of Secrets
and I see this handsome guy
laying on this bed
with, like, fruit
and champagne,
and I'm just like,
"Who the hell are you?"
Did I hook up with him
in the past
and I don't remember?
"Every Eve
needs her Adam
"but every forbidden fruit
comes at a price.
"If you decide
to bring him into the house,
you will be sending home
one of your housemates."
(narrator)
Quite the temptation, Jasmine.
If she brings Charles,
that dude over there with
the strategically placed
fig leaf, then someone
gets the boot.
Things just got interesting.
I wonder what
she's gonna do.
Okay.
(Derrick)
Biblical proportions.
Like, we're thinking, yo,
maybe you dated a guy
that has a name in the Bible
and you're gonna have
two exes come up.
That's what the house
is thinking right now.
(man)
You're beautiful.
Charles, Charles.
Oh my God.
♪♪
(Charles)
I'm Charles, 25 years old,
from Phoenix, Arizona.
When I go out, women are
attracted to me
because I'm a good-looking guy,
I carry myself
very well.
♪♪
I do have a reputation of being
a little bit of a bad boy,
but I am also that sweet guy too
that they can
take home to their parents.
I'm here to do everything
I can to be irresistible
because my mom's asking
for grandchildren,
so it's about that time.
Right now
I'm looking for love.
♪♪
(Jasmine)
Charles is really tempting me
because he's super,
you know, hot.
His smile, like,
out of this world.
And he's very
smooth and sweet.
Are you single?
I just wanna make sure, like,
where your head is because--
Yeah, I'm single.
I think it's time that
I find, you know, the one.
Are you looking for love?
I am.
And you know what's funny--
my ex just showed up today.
Oh, wow.
(Marco)
No, Jasmine's amazing.
I have no bad--
(Victoria)
Yeah, we've been
waiting for you.
There was no bad blood
whatsoever.
Like, I'm just
here to have fun.
Yeah, I wonder
what she's doing.
I'm still laughing at
that you're still
in this outfit
and holding an apple.
Me too.
I don't know.
I'm, like, oh,
this is so bad, though.
Oh my God!
Yeah.
This is, like,
really bazaar to me
because-- I don't know--
now I'm thinking, like,
I can eliminate anyone.
(Jasmine)
I have all the power.
It feels good.
I think I know
what I'm gonna do.
(crunching)
No it won't,
no it wont.
(Lexi)
Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait!
(Cameron)
Whoa, hey, yo, yo, yo!
Jasmine's coming back up.
(Faith)
An ex?
(all shouting)
(bleeps)...
(Faith)
What?
What he got on?!
(Chase)
This man come in
in a (bleep) thong.
What is he wearing,
though?
(Faith)
What?!
(Lexi)
Who is that?
(Shanley)
Who the (bleep)?
What is in there
with her?
What the (bleep)
does he have on his hoo-ha?
A little choir boy
with a leaf on his (bleep).
Go the (bleep) back down.
We don't need
no more (bleep).
We don't need no more guys
in this house.
Wait, who is that?
Who is this,
who is this?
(Jasmine)
This is Charles.
Chase, giving you this
to read the bottle.
What?
Go ahead, Chase,
read it.
"If you're
reading this message,
Jasmine has decided to bring
Charles into the house."
(Marco)
What the (bleep)?
Jasmine, I literally
just got here
and you're gonna bring
some random dude in the house?
It's (bleep) crazy.
"Although
he is not an ex,
"he has to play by the same
rules like the other exes.
"He can be crushed
or cut in eliminations.
Can you blame Jasmine for
giving in to temptation?"
Nope.
"So like all impulsive
decisions,
"it comes
with a consequence.
"Jasmine, choose someone to be
eliminated immediately.
♪♪
Make your
choice here and now."
Jasmine, (bleep) no!
Wait, time out.
(Faith)
Oh my God.
Wow, Jasmine.
Oh, (bleep).
(Faith)
Jasmine, we love you.
I know exactly
who has got to go.
It's time to stir the pot.
(Chris)
This is not Gucci.
"Choose someone to be
eliminated immediately."
Oh, (bleep).
(Cory)
Jasmine has to eliminate
somebody.
Holy (bleep).
"Make your choice
here and now."
Um...
(Lexi)
Anyone?
(Chris)
Jasmine?
I love you all
and...
I'm just going off,
like...
I don't know.
This is hard, this really
actually (bleep) sucks.
Jasmine might say me.
I kind of cut things off
with her
and now I'm just like...
♪♪
Luis, I love you,
but... I just--
I have to make
a decision, so...
I'm sorry, and I hope you
respect that
and I think you're great
but I just don't see anything
with me going anywhere with you
and... yeah.
100%.
(Victoria)
I think that Luis was pretty
hurt by being sent home.
But... on my end,
I really don't care.
Bye, I don't talk to you
anymore.
And I hope you--
(Victoria)
You're good,
you're good.
No one's
upset with you.
We love you.
Victoria has her eyes
set on Chase,
so Victoria doesn't give
a (bleep) that Luis is gone.
Little-time Luis
is gone.
(laughing)
We're not mad.
Neither one of us
are mad.
(narrator)
Victoria, you can at least
pretend to be sad Luis
is leaving.
(Chase)
Do you need to go
say something to him?
And you don't give
a flying (bleep).
(Victoria)
Jasmine...
you made the right choice.
♪♪
(Luis)
Jasmine tells me to leave.
I wasn't surprised.
I got my closure
with Victoria.
She lied to me,
cheated on me,
and I am glad that
she is out of my life now.
I see no future with
Victoria and I.
This is definitely
not what I wanted to happen.
But out of the sea
I emerged.
Back into the ocean I go.
I'm no longer
an ex on the beach.
(Victoria)
Let's go down
the elevator-- ready?
No,
not that...
(laughing)
Go down
the stairs.
Angela and Victoria,
they are bat (bleep) crazy.
(laughing)
(farting)
(Victoria)
You're gonna make me
fart from laughing so hard.
You nasty ass.
Damn, girl, hold your (bleep)
together, literally.
(Angela)
Help me!
Somebody help me!
(Victoria)
I'm...
Angela, sit down.
(laughing)
Shut up.
Sit.
Angela,
(bleep) don't.
Angela, Angela.
That is one secretive
thing to know about me.
If I laugh too hard,
I fart.
Uh... no comment
on that one.
I'm-- I'm gonna
pass on that question.
I really have to fart
right now, though.
You really
have to fart?
So just stick your
ass out the door.
(laughing)
(Charles)
I'm new.
(Lexi)
Welcome to the house.
Thank you for having me.
Yes, my pleasure!
How do you feel?
Like, where did you
come from?
Where are you from?
I'm from Indianapolis
but I live from Phoenix.
I played for college
football, but, um--
(Marco)
Where?
Northwest
Oklahoma State.
Sorry to hear that.
I thought this was, you know,
"Exes on the Beach,"
and then it's
some random dude
comes up with Jasmine
and I'm jealous.
It's kind of a slap
in the face to me.
I just came.
I literally
just came.
(Faith)
Charles.
You don't dance?
No.
You're about to grab
my foot.
Ain't he cute?
You're about to grab
my foot--
Your foot
out of my face.
Like, move your
damn foot.
No, no.
(Derrick)
My first impression
of Charles is
put on some (bleep) clothes.
Go take your ass back down
to the Shack of Secrets
and put some clothes on.
I will not move
my feet!
(Charles)
I hate feet so much.
You have no idea.
You don't like feet?
No.
Well, you better
get used to my feet.
I don't know who
Charles Davis is.
I know he
is a chocolate man.
He's not ugly.
And I like locks
and tattoos.
He possesses both.
But he also possesses
a lisp
when he talks... okay?
What else
you don't like?
I don't like feet,
bad breath-- that's about it.
You got anything after that,
you're good.
You're good
after that?
Yeah, after that
I can do anything else.
Okay.
(Jasmine)
I was tempted by Charles
a little bit
down the Shack of Secrets,
but he's kind of short
for me.
So Faith maybe
she's interested in him.
So, we'll see.
What's your name
again?
Faith.
Oh my God!
Shut your ass up,
shut your ass up.
Hey, hey,
about your girl.
Yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah.
Make it more
of an effort, bro.
Huh?
Make more of an effort.
Charles hits it off
with Faith,
but June is a good guy.
He really is,
he's good for Faith.
So don't (bleep) it up,
you know?
(narrator)
While June is oblivious
to Charles hitting it off
with Faith,
Cory and Taylor
are equally oblivious,
or could care less,
as to how their actions
are affecting Alicia.
Jesus Christ.
Like, what the (bleep)?
(Cameron)
Maybe he gets off
on that (bleep).
And that's my point.
(Alicia)
And that's not
fair to me.
(Cameron)
Well, just try to chill
and not think about it.
Have a good time.
That's what I keep
trying to do.
I think that if Taylor
honestly went away
for a night, that everything
would be different.
Thank you, thank you.
'Cause I'm just, like,
at this point,
it's almost like you wanna
see me and her fight.
Like, you really do.
Right.
And that's really
what I'm trying to avoid.
Right.
Watching (bleep)
going on...
You don't-- like,
I know you're not it.
You know what I mean?
Cory and Taylor are not
stopping what they're doing
and trying to throw
it in my face.
What kills me is that
I have thus far
watched you guys...
pretty much (bleep),
cuddle, kiss.
How is that fair,
how is that fair?
And it's killing me
because I wanna
explode so bad
but I just don't wanna look
like an evil,
vindictive bitch.
I'm really about to (bleep)
somebody up.
I really don't
want to, but honestly,
in point-five seconds,
I'm really about to (bleep)
rip somebody's head off.
That girl's a beast.
I'm scared of her.
She got a monster mode.
She's ready
to turn it on.
(narrator)
Cameron, you might wanna run.
It looks like Alicia
is about to explode.
♪♪
I gotta go, (bleep)!
No, I gotta go, I gotta go,
I gotta go,
I gotta go, I gotta go.
(Faith)
I wanna give you,
like, positive advice,
like, I get it,
but I can't.
Had it been me,
I would've been--
drop the bitch.
So I commend you
on your patience
and I commend
you on, you know,
just being a woman
and just chilling.
Honestly,
it's to the point
where I'm just boiling up
and I really just wanna
grab her by the (bleep) hair
and beat her ass.
And I really don't
want to be
because I know
at that point, I'll be out.
You know what I mean?
Who said that?
Don't (bleep) even.
Alicia is spinning
her wheels again.
Like, girl, we get it.
You don't like seeing
Taylor and Cory together,
but now you're getting
a little bit pathetic.
(Alicia)
Oh, you're running?
Is that what that was?
(Cory)
Huh?
Did you just
say that?
What?
Was that you?
Doing what?
That said "weak."
Weak.
I'm weak?
Weak!
I'm...
This situation
is weak.
This (bleep)
situation is weak?
Oh no!
This (bleep) situation
is weak?
Ah, hell...
This (bleep)
situation is weak?
Because I really wanna
(bleep)...
Somebody...
... grab that bitch
by her (bleep) hair...
Somebody help!
(Faith)
Alicia, Alicia!
Somebody help!
I really (bleep)
hate you!
(phone ringing)
Yeah, that's right.
Tropical Storm Alicia
just turned into
a full-fledge hurricane.
(Faith)
Alicia!
♪♪
(narrator)
Welcome back.
Jasmine welcomed
Charles the Temptation
into the villa and sent
Luis packing,
which Victoria
could care less about.
However, the Temptation
was tempted by Faith.
And Cory and Taylor's
constant PDA
is finally pushing
Alicia to the brink.
No, I gotta go, I gotta go,
I gotta go.
(Cory)
This situation is weak.
This (bleep)
situation is weak?
Oh no!
This (bleep) situation
is weak?
Ah, hell...
This (bleep)
situation is weak?
Because I really wanna
(bleep)...
Somebody...
... grab that bitch
by her (bleep) hair...
Somebody help!
(Faith)
Alicia, Alicia!
Somebody help!
I really (bleep) hate you!
(Lexi)
I felt bad the first time
for Alicia
because you came
into this house,
you didn't know
what you were expecting.
But you came back into
this house
knowing damn well
what the (bleep) was going on,
so my sympathy
is very low for her.
Somebody help!
I really (bleep)
hate you!
(bleep)...
(Faith)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no...
Oh my (bleep) God!
(bleep) God!
It's turning me on right now,
I'm not gonna lie.
I may be a little drunk.
I'm gonna just
put that on y'all, but...
I'm sick, yes.
What the (bleep)
did I just do to you?
You beat my ass
and I took it like a man.
All right then, correct.
I did, I did,
exactly.
Go ahead, go ahead.
Do what you gotta do.
And I'll beat both
of your (bleep) asses.
Don't even (bleep)
try it.
Nope, nope, nope.
And I'll stay here
and I ain't doing nothing.
Don't even try it.
I've been telling everybody
Armageddon was coming.
I done told 'em,
prepare yourself,
pack up your water, get all
your Clif Bars together.
Cory and Taylor, Alicia
will be coming for that head.
(Cory)
Listen--
(Alicia)
You're literally making
it so hard, honestly.
I'm not trying to disrespect
you in any way.
Cory, you already have.
How?
Every (bleep) day with
the smacking of the ass
and sitting on each other
and kissing and this and--
I'm not doing all that.
Yes, you are.
This is a thing right now?
(Shanley)
Taylor, just listen.
Just let them
talk it out.
talk this out.
I can't--
(Alicia)
I'm trying to help you.
I'm really trying
to help you.
I'm really
trying to help you, dude.
I'm really trying
to help you,
and you're not--
and you are making it worse.
(Shanley)
Like, they need
to hash this out.
They do.
Like, angrily,
happily, (bleep) sadly.
This has happened four
or five (bleep) times.
They had (bleep) outside
of this house too.
You have to understand--
No (bleep).
But when you're
talking about it four
and five (bleep)
different times--
Because it hurts!
It hurts people,
it hurts people.
I actually think Alicia
needs this closure
'cause Alicia's not
in the wrong for any of this.
There is more than meets
the eye
with their situation
and Taylor has no right
to be upset with her.
Like, this is something--
Then don't come
back here!
The (bleep)?
We sent
your ass home.
I'm not doing this
to throw this in your face.
Come here.
What?
'Cause I'm not trying
to see you cry.
Chill.
I know whose
side your on.
I'm not on anybodies
side because I sit here--
You are, you are.
Do not-- do not--
Because I know what
you said to Chase
about me, Angela,
and Victoria because...
Chase told Victoria.
What did I say?
"These bitches are
the only bitches
"that hang out
with each other
'cause they think
they're pretty."
I said you guys
look like mean girls.
That's what I said when you
guys are sitting there just--
Oh, so that's
where it came from.
Okay, all right.
Well, that makes sense.
And I just wanna
hash this out with you too.
When you all are sitting
on the couch,
just, like, gossiping,
I-- I just said you guys
look like mean girls.
(Angela)
Okay, but you don't know me.
I've had, like, two
conversations with you.
I understand that.
Okay then.
So you don't
know me.
So you don't know me!
Okay, you don't
have to pop off.
I do because you're
getting in my face now.
I'm not even getting--
You're in my (bleep)
bed, bitch!
You're in my
(bleep) bed!
Shanley comes in like
Oprah Winfrey,
like, trying
to, like, Dr. Phil it up.
Angela ain't the one
to (bleep) with,
so do it at your own risk.
I talk to every-(bleep)-body
in this house!
Calling me
a (bleep) mean girl!
I'm ready to pop Shanley
in the face.
She does not know
who she's messing with
but she's about
to find out.
Now you don't wanna get
in my (bleep) face, right,
'cause you don't know who the
(bleep) you're dealing with!
I literally just came to you
and said, "I said this."
And you wanna
get loud?
Yeah, and I'm telling you
you don't know me!
Okay, do you wanna
get loud?
Yes, I do,
so get loud with me!
Angela, stop.
And you're talking
like this,
and I don't deal
with that very well!
(Shanley)
That girl...
can (bleep) bark.
You don't know me, so don't
act like you (bleep) do!
You just walked in this house
five (bleep) minutes ago!
So what's good?!
♪♪
You just walked in this house
five (bleep) minutes ago!
Angela does walk around
like she's a mean girl.
She snaps on people.
That's why I got a new man
'cause I don't (bleep)
with you, you (bleep) fraud!
(bleep)
piece of (bleep)!
I'm coming for you!
That's why I'm always
gonna come at you!
Okay.
That's why she's
(bleep) crying.
She deserves
this (bleep).
So, like, me saying it really
pissed her off
because it's
a true statement.
(narrator)
Speaking of crazy,
the definition of insanity
is when you do
the same thing twice
and expect a different result.
Exhibit "A."
(Cory)
So what do you
want me to do?
What?
(Alicia)
Choose.
And if this
is what you choose,
you are choosing
the wrong way.
I've been honest
with you from day one.
I told you
how it is.
Why are you willing
to make (bleep) mistake.
It's all just circles
of the same (bleep).
Like, he doesn't wanna
admit that he's wrong,
and he's trying
to prove a point that
being with Taylor is a gamble
that he's willing to take,
and I'm trying to stop him
from making
that (bleep) mistake
but he doesn't wanna listen.
I'm done with
the conversation.
(crying)
We understand.
Definitely understand.
(Derrick)
Alicia and I are great friends,
but I understand where
Taylor's coming from.
Like, I don't want somebody
trying to intervene
in my relationship.
Alicia's going through a lot,
you're going through a lot.
You're gonna
be there for Cory.
You gotta be strong
for him.
(sniffling)
You're gonna be good.
When he's done
talking to her,
go talk to him.
There's a lot
of crazy (bleep) going on.
I don't wanna be
involved in fights.
I know.
It's just
too much for me.
It's too much (bleep)
too.
I can't believe
it's (bleep).
♪♪
I'm chilling.
You all right?
Having somebody
that wants you so badly,
to pull you into
a bathroom
and, like,
cry in your arms,
that doesn't, like,
sit well with me.
Well, know that
as long as you know
at the end of the day
that I'm here
with you...
we're good.
Maybe, maybe not.
Faith is (bleep) gorgeous.
Um, right now I feel like
me and Faith could hit it off.
Okay, okay, all right.
(Faith)
The more I was in
Charles' vicinity,
the more I granted and blessed
Charles with my attention.
And what
did June do?
He doesn't care.
I need you to take what you want
while you can
'cause Lord knows I'm not
gonna be there, waiting for him.
I don't wait for nobody.
(narrator)
June better show Faith
some loving quick
before Charles
tries to give her a kiss.
(laughing)
(Faith)
I feel like
a little friend zone
and that's cool, whatever.
Like, a low-key feeling
like that a little bit
'cause the terminology
used is always family,
or cool or we're friends--
you say "friends" a lot.
But I feel like friends
don't move the way we move.
I don't know.
I'm feeling that
a little bit from you.
I'm gonna be honest.
I was like, we'll talk
and we'll get it cleared up--
That's not how I say--
I know the way
my-- my terminology
might sound like that,
but at the end
of the day,
(bleep) words, Faith.
That's how
the (bleep) I feel.
All right, you sitting here
and you "businessing"
with (bleep) words.
I don't business
with words, Faith.
I business with feelings.
I understand that.
And if you wanna talk to me
at the end of the day
about my feelings,
then that's cool.
But don't get (bleep)
mad at my terminology.
I'm not mad.
You're upset.
No, I'm upset because
I feel like
I can't never just have
something be normal.
I can never have
a guy just be normal,
like, just be like,
"Yo, like,
I'm here for you,
I want just you."
Like I'm not that
(bleep) bomb.
And it's really
pissing me the (bleep) off.
But I want-- I need
my respect.
I really need my
(bleep) respect.
(Charles)
I don't know what the history
is between June and Faith.
Now that June pissed her off,
I'm trying to figure out
how am I gonna play
this game strategically enough
because looks like Faith
is fair game.
If your intentions
are to one day be with me,
what's the problem
in just saying that?
I'm sick of it,
I'm sick of it.
Why can't this
be easy?
Don't put me
in the friend zone.
Yeah.
But we (bleep).
(Jasmine)
I think when it comes
with Faith and June, like,
she is confused.
It's weird because,
you know, he doesn't kiss her.
The other couples are just,
you know, making out
all over the place and she
just wanted more from him.
We've getting it in.
We're not-- I'm not
(bleep) friend.
I'm done,
like, I just...
(Jasmine)
Huh?
I (bleep) made
a mistake.
I'm not gonna lie.
♪♪
(Jasmine)
Get my vote.
Come on, baby.
Yes.
(laughing)
I applaud you.
Da!
He thinks Angela's
going for him.
You think
Angela's going for you.
This is the first
and only time that
I am, like, legitimate
worried about going into it.
Last night was a really
rough night.
I had a banshee
screaming in my face.
It sucks for me because
I know it wasn't my fault.
But tonight I feel like I might
be in danger of elimination.
You want me to cut June
'cause you wanna
fire his ass.
Um...
I don't wanna cut him.
I want him
to be here.
(Jasmine)
What the (bleep)?!
You know, she's telling me
one minute
she wants me to cut him,
she's telling me,
you know,
no, we had
great conversations.
She's trying to make
this work with June
so much that it's confusing her.
So you don't want
anyone to cut him?
I don't.
I don't want him
to go home.
(narrator)
With Taylor, Angela,
and Victoria's
votes up in the air,
it's either the end
of the road for June,
or the end of #shameron.
♪♪
(Cory)
There's been too many
guys in this house.
Definitely gonna
cut tonight.
♪♪
I wanna stay because
I am definitely looking for
something more serious with
Cameron, so fingers crossed.
It's a beautiful
night tonight, baby.
Yeah.
Welcome back
to elimination.
How you all feeling
this week?
(Cameron)
Good.
The ex with
the most cut votes
gotta get the hell up
out of here.
Going home.
Now, Charles,
how do you feel
coming into the house
as a temptation?
It's just hard
coming into a house where
everyone's already got
the person
they're gonna talk to.
Like, no way they're getting
out of their situations.
Okay.
Are y'all ready
to get to it?
Yes.
First up, Lexi.
We already know
what you got, Lex.
You got a crush.
(housemates applauding)
You good.
You are safe, Lex.
Big Cameron,
you're next.
You don't got nothing
in there, my brother.
Well, you good,
you safe, man.
No crush
or no cut, though.
Marco...
Oh no, he got
a few chips.
First one is a cut.
But you got a crush,
my brother,
which means this
cut is cancelled out.
You are safe.
(Jasmine)
I crushed Marco
and I'm happy about it.
Me and Marco, like, we haven't
really had that time
to really get
to know, like,
if we wanna be more than
just friends.
So, I think it'll be
nice to have time with him.
We'll see what happens.
Derrick,
you're next.
Wow.
You got nothing.
The game's
been changing.
This is crazy.
Charles,
you the new guy.
Ready for this?
All right.
I see something.
You got a chip.
It's not a good one,
it's a cut.
We shall see,
my brother.
Now, June, Shanley,
you're in the hot seat.
June, please step up
to your pineapple.
Me, let's go.
We here.
So how you
feeling right now?
Honestly, what I do know
is that if there's
anybody that I can
count on in here...
it's my girl Faith.
I've got faith in Faith
all day.
Cool, faith in Faith.
All day.
You got some chips
in here too.
One cut.
Cut.
Two cuts.
Still opportunity
if you got a crush.
Oh, you don't,
you got a cut.
Three cuts.
Take a seat.
Shanley,
please step forward.
Let's get straight
to it.
You got three
chips in there.
♪♪
Shanley.
You got three
chips in there.
There could be three cuts
in my pineapple.
The first one
is a cut.
Two more.
Girl,
take a chill pill.
Two crushes.
Wow, two crushes.
Which means
you've been cut, June.
Mm-hmm.
You are no longer
an ex on the beach.
(bleeps)...
I'm ready to pack my (bleep)
and get the (bleep)
and spend some time
with June when I leave here.
It makes no sense to me.
How y'all looking out for me
when y'all relationships
are (bleep)?
Y'all relationships
are (bleeps).
Rest up and remember,
I may be seeing some
of y'all at the beach.
(June)
It's not done.
It ain't done.
(Faith)
Listen, I'm really shocked
because everybody told me
when I had a meeting
with them earlier that they
were not gonna vote for June,
so it's vindictive.
It has to be
vindictive.
Y'all (bleep)
and I know that now.
I'll take care
of your girl.
You already know,
you already know.
I promise.
Yeah, take care.
I think Faith, right now,
she's just lost in this, like,
fantasy world with June
and she's not seeing
what the house is seeing.
It's like you can't get mad
at the house
for voting against him
when you didn't
even crush him.
It must be hard
for Faith.
I saw my man go
and I didn't wanna
have to do that to her.
In the long run,
you know, I don't think that's
who she's gonna be with.
No.
I think in the back of Faith's
mind she knows that
June isn't good for her,
so we were just trying
to help her out.
She's gonna
look back on this
and she's gonna
thank us.
It was
his night to go.
♪♪
(June)
This is crazy.
I'm eliminated, I'm going
out of this house.
I'm surprised
that they cut me.
They just didn't understand
the type of vibes
that me and Faith had.
We've actually became
really, really close.
It (bleep) sucks.
The only thing we can do
is just...
deal with it
the best way we can,
and I want to give her
the confidence
that, hey,
this is not over.
(Faith)
Hey, I'm gonna miss you.
Golly.
I am no longer
an ex on the beach.
(narrator)
Next on "Ex on the Beach"...
Cory has had it with Alicia.
Oh no.
Going around this house,
trying to (bleep) my life up.
(Alicia)
Nobody's trying
to (bleep) your life up.
Stop doing that.
#shameron has stopped trending.
You sound like
an ass(bleep).
And the whole villa
is up in arms.
Every person has (bleep)!
Oh, no, no.